Print Simulation is designed to simulate a set of servers handling print tasks
in a given environment. 

For each simulation the average time between task
arrivals, the number of servers available, the average size of each print task,
and the maximum amount of time the simulation will be allowed to run
(in seconds) are set by the user prior to the simulation.

General:
    Server's service rates are represented as percentages placed after the 
server ID, followed by the individual service rate for the print task being
served (ex: A(98%, 100%)). This represents an average service rate of .98 pages
per second for server A, with a 1.0 page per second service rate for the
current print task.

Menus:

File: 
    Reset: Clears the form and resets all values to their original states.
           This function must be performed in order to initiate a subsequent
           simulation.

    Clear: Clears the text area. However, the text can be retrieved by toggling
           the statistics button.

    Print: Prints the text currently in the text area.

    Exit: Quits the application.

Stats:
    Detailed Statistics: When checked this option allows for viewing of
            statistics pertaining to each individual print task that was
            completed in the last simulation, in the order finished.

Help:
    About: Displays the About form for the application.


Functions (preference tab):

Lock: Locks in the entered values for the subsequent simulation after validating
      that all input is entered in proper fashion. This will also reset
      all values to their original states. Can also be accomplished through
      pressing enter in any text value text fields or after pressing the
      default value button.

Edit: Reopens the value text fields for editing. Used as a check to prevent
      accidental use of the Lock Button.

Quit: Exits the application.

Default Values: Sets each value text field to a predetermined value for ease
                of use and a good benchmark for simulations.


Functions (output tab):

    Sim to Max: Runs the simulation to the maximum time.

    Sim one Second: Runs one second of the simulation.

    Reset: Clears the form and resets all values to their original states.
           This function must be performed in order to initiate a subsequent
           simulation.

    Statistics: Displays statistics for the last run simulation. Available
                as long as a simulation has been run and has not been reset.

Other:

    Progress Bar: Displays progress starting from time 0 seconds to the input
                  maximum time in seconds for the simulation in question.

For further questions and comments please email the developer at
brent.young@go.shoreline.edu

Version 1.1