Brent Young Shipping Service:
    A hub designed to make the shipping and tracking of any number of Parcels.
Scan the Parcel into the system by entering all of the pertinent information
and add it to the list of parcels you would like to send. Parcels can then be
edited and updated, scrolled through, removed from the list altogether, or
printed for easy viewing while performing tasks on another parcel.

Scan New:
    Pressing 'Enter' or clicking on either the 'Scan New' button or menu option
will enable the address fields for use and stamp the parcel with a parcel
identification number and arrival time.

Add:
    The 'Add' button or menu item allows the system to save the entered address
information to the parcel, and adds it to a list of sent parcels.

Edit:
    The 'Edit' button or menu item enables the text fields so that the 
currently selected parcel's address information may be changed. 
The parcel identification number (parcel ID) will also be updated to reflect 
that changes have been made. 

Update:
    The 'Update' button or menu item saves the parcel with the newly entered
information, entered after using the 'Edit' function.

Remove:
    The 'Remove' button or menu item removes permanently the selected parcel.
To retrieve this parcel the information must be entered once more using the
'Scan New' function.

Next/Back:
    Scroll through the parcels currently allocated for the selected state.
Parcel information for the selected parcel will be displayed in the text fields.

State Selection:
    Selecting a state will display the parcel ID numbers of the
parcels allocated to be sent to the selected state.

Printing the parcel:
    The 'Print' function will print all parcel information including parcel ID,
arrival time, and all recipient information both to a text document as well
as to a pop-up panel that will remain until closed.

Clearing the fields:
    The 'Clear' function will clear all fields, aside from parcel ID and 
arrival time, of any text currently occupying them.

Search:
    The 'Search' function allows the user to locate a parcel via recipient name
or recipient state abbreviation, showing all results pertinent to the search 
criteria placed into the text field by the user. Once a parcel is selected 
all parcel information will be displayed in an adjacent window.