Golf Database is a program used to keep track of golf players for any number
of college teams.

A particular player's information will be displayed when selected in the list
of players at the right of the form.

Information Listed:

First Name: (Required)
Last Name: (Required)
Email Address: must be valid if entered.
Phone Number: (Required)
Team Rank: (Required) Unique for each member of a particular team.
Image file: Player portrait (Must be under 200 x 350).

Functions:

File:
    
    New: Create a new team and save it as a new file or overwrite an existing
         file.

    Open: Open an existing file.

    Save: Save current team to the current file. Progress will not be saved
          otherwise, so it is a good idea to use this function often.

    Save As: Save the current team roster to a new file or overwrite an 
             existing file.

    Print: Print the entire form.

    Exit: Quits the application.

Sort:

    By Last Name: Sorts and displays the current roster in alphabetical order
                  according to player's last names.

    By Team Rank: Sort and displays the current roster in numerical order
                  according to player's individual team ranks.

Action:

    Add New Golfer: Add a new golfer to the current team if all required input
                    is valid.

    Edit Golfer: Edit the information for the selected Golfer and overwrite
                 that golfer if all input is valid.

    Delete Golfer: Delete the selected Golfer from the current team.

    Search Golfer: Searches for and selects the desired golfer from the current
                   team using either first and/or last name or team rank,
                   assuming a golfer can be found and input is valid.

    Order Ranks: While maintaining the overall order of players on the current
                 team, sets the ranks to start at 1 and increase sequentially
                 by 1. (Before: 3, 5, 6, 10) (After: 1, 2, 3, 4)

    Swap Ranks: Switches the currently selected players team rank with the
                input rank, so long as the input rank exists.

Making it easy to create, edit, and maintain a list of players, Golf Database
should be all you need to keep track of your team!

For further questions and comments please email the developer at
brent.young@go.shoreline.edu

Version 1.1